The Project Gutenberg eBook of Blank?
    
This ebook is for the use of anyone anywhere in the United States and
most other parts of the world at no cost and with almost no restrictions
whatsoever. You may copy it, give it away or re-use it under the terms
of the Project Gutenberg License included with this ebook or online
at www.gutenberg.org. If you are not located in the United States,
you will have to check the laws of the country where you are located
before using this eBook.

Title: Blank?


Author: Randall Garrett

Release date: August 30, 2023 [eBook #71525]

Language: English

Original publication: New York, NY: Royal Publications, Inc, 1957

Credits: Greg Weeks, Mary Meehan and the Online Distributed Proofreading Team at http://www.pgdp.net


*** START OF THE PROJECT GUTENBERG EBOOK BLANK? ***




                                Blank?

                          By RANDALL GARRETT

                         Illustrated by ENGLE

                   Amnesia? Well, maybe--but how and
                   where had he earned that $50,000?

           [Transcriber's Note: This etext was produced from
                          Infinity June 1957.
         Extensive research did not uncover any evidence that
         the U.S. copyright on this publication was renewed.]


Bethelman came to quite suddenly, and found himself standing on
the corner of 44th Street and Madison Avenue. He was dizzy for a
moment--not from any physical cause, but from the disorientation. The
last thing he could remember, he had been sitting in a bar in Boston,
talking to Dr. Elijah Kamiroff. After the interview was over, they'd
had a few drinks, and then a few more. After that, things began to get
hazy.

Bethelman rubbed his head. It wasn't like a hangover; his head felt
perfectly fine. But how in the devil had he gotten here? He looked
around. No one was paying any attention to him, but no one pays any
attention to anyone on the streets of New York. Still feeling queer,
he headed east on 44th Street.

He wanted to sit down for a bit, and the nearest place was the little
bar halfway between Madison Avenue and Grand Central Station. He went
in and ordered a beer.

What the hell had happened? He'd had too much to drink on several
occasions, but he'd never gone to sleep in one city and awakened in
another. Dr. Kamiroff must have put him on the plane; the biochemist
didn't drink much, and had probably been in better shape than Bethelman
had been.

He glanced at his watch. Two-fifteen! Wow! The city editor would be
wondering where he was.

He went to the phone, dropped in a dime, and dialed the city desk. When
the editor's voice answered, he said: "Hickman, this is Bethelman; I'm
sorry I'm late, but--"

"Late?" interrupted Hickman, "What're you talking about? You've only
been gone half an hour. You sick or something?"

"I don't feel too good," Bethelman admitted confusedly.

"That's what you said when you left. Hell, man, take the rest of the
day off. It's Friday; you don't need to show up until Monday if you
don't want to. Okay?"

"Yeah," said Bethelman. "Sure." His mind still didn't want to focus
properly.

"Okay, boy," said Hickman. "And thanks again for the tip. Who'd have
thought Baby Joe would come in first? See you Monday."

And he hung up.

Bethelman stood there looking foolish for a full five seconds. Then
things began to connect up. _Friday!_ It shouldn't be Friday.

He cradled the phone and walked over to the bar where the barman was
assiduously polishing a beer glass.

"What day is this?" he asked.

"Friday," said the white-jacketed barman, looking up from the shell of
gleaming glass.

"I mean the date," Bethelman corrected.

"Fifteenth, I think." He glanced at a copy of the _Times_ that lay on
the bar. "Yeah. Fifteenth."

Bethelman sat down heavily on the barstool. The fifteenth! Somewhere,
he had lost two weeks! He searched his memory for some clue, but found
nothing. His memory was a perfect blank for those two weeks.

Automatically, his hand went to his shirt pocket for cigarettes. He
pulled out the pack and started to shake one out. It wouldn't shake, so
he stuck his finger in the half empty pack to dislodge a cigarette.
There was a roll of paper stuck in it.

He took it out and unrolled it. It was a note.

_You're doing fine. You know something's wrong, but you don't know
what. Go ahead and investigate; I guarantee you'll get the answers.
But be careful not to get anyone too suspicious; you don't want to get
locked up in the booby bin. I suggest you try Marco's first._

The note was unsigned, but Bethelman didn't need a signature.

The handwriting was his own.

       *       *       *       *       *

He looked at himself in the mirror behind the bar. He was clean
shaven--which he hadn't been when he was drinking with Dr. Kamiroff in
Boston. Also, he was wearing his tweed topcoat, which he had left in
New York. A search of his pockets revealed the usual keys and change.
In his billfold was three hundred dollars in cash--more than he'd ever
carried around in his life--and a receipt for a new twenty-dollar hat.
The receipt was dated the tenth.

He took off his hat and looked at it. Brand new, with his initials on
the sweatband.

Evidently, he'd been doing something the past two weeks--but what?

He remembered talking to Kamiroff about the variability of
time--something about a man named Dunne. And he remembered the
biochemist saying that time travel was physically impossible. For a
second or two, Bethelman wondered whether he'd been projected into the
future somehow. But if he had, he reasoned, he'd still be wearing the
same clothes he'd had on in Boston.

_No_, he decided, _it's something else. I've gone off my rocker. I'm
daffy as a dung beetle. What I need is a good psychiatrist._

But that didn't explain the note.

He took it out and looked at it again. It still said the same thing. He
decided that before he went to a psychiatrist, he'd do what the note
said. He'd go to Marco's.

After all, if he couldn't trust himself, who could he trust?

Marco's was a little place down on Second Avenue. It wasn't the most
elite bar in New York, but it wasn't the worst dive, either.

Marco was standing near the door when Bethelman entered. "Ah! Mr.
Bethelman! The package you were expecting is here. The--ah--_gentleman_
left it." The beaming smile on his face was a marvel to behold.

"Thanks," Bethelman said.

Marco dived behind the bar and came up with a package wrapped in brown
paper and an envelope addressed to Bethelman. The package was about
three inches wide, a little less than six inches long, and nearly
an inch thick. He slid it into his topcoat pocket and tore open the
envelope.

_There should be close to ten thousand dollars in the package_, the
note said. _You promised Marco a grand of it if number 367 won--which,
of course, it did. He got hold of the runner for you._

Again, the note was in his own handwriting.

He gave Marco the thousand and left. There were some things he'd have
to find out. He went to his apartment on 86th Street and put in a long
distance call to Dr. Elijah Kamiroff in Boston. After an hour, he was
informed that Dr. Kamiroff was out of town and was not expected back
for two weeks. Where had he gone? That was confidential; Dr. Kamiroff
had some work to do and did not wish to be disturbed.

Bethelman cursed the biochemist roundly and then went to his private
files, where he kept clippings of his own stories. Sure enough, there
were coverages of several things over the past two weeks, all properly
bylined.

Two weeks before, he had written the little article on research being
done on cancer at Boston University School of Medicine, most of which
he'd gotten from Dr. Kamiroff. No clues there; he'd evidently been
behaving naturally for the past two weeks. But why couldn't he remember
it? Why was his memory completely blanked out?

He had to know.

       *       *       *       *       *

He spent the next two weeks running down his activities during the
blank period, and the more he worked, the more baffled he became. He
had never been a gambling man, but he seemed to have become one over
those two weeks. And a damned lucky one at that.

Horse races, the numbers game, even the stock market, all seemed to
break right for him. In the blank two weeks, Bethelman had made himself
close to fifty thousand dollars! And every so often, he'd come across a
little note from himself, telling him that he was doing fine. Once, a
note he found in his bureau drawer, tucked among the socks, told him to
invest every cent he had in a certain security and then sell the next
day. He did it and made another nine thousand dollars.

It was exactly four weeks to the day after he had sat in the bar with
Dr. Kamiroff that he found the last cryptic note to himself. It was in
his unabridged dictionary, laying right on the page which contained
the word he happened to be looking up.

_Tomorrow morning_, it said, _you will see Dr. Kamiroff. But don't
expect him to explain anything to you until you have explained
everything to him._

So he would see Kamiroff in the morning, eh? He'd been trying to get
hold of the biochemist every day for the past two weeks--and there had
been no results.

That night, just before bed-time, Bethelman drank a glass of beer. One
glass. No more.

And that's why he couldn't understand waking up the next morning with a
king-size hangover. He rolled over in bed, moaning--half afraid to open
his eyes.

"Oooooh!" he said. "My head!"

"Want a bromo?" a familiar voice asked sympathetically.

Bethelman forced his eyes open. The stocky, smiling face of Dr. Elijah
Kamiroff floated above him.

Bethelman sat straight up in bed, his eyes wide. The effort made his
head hurt worse. He looked around.
